Let's look at some Git essentials so we're prepared for
the demo on using Git in just a moment.
If you're an expert Git user, then this might be a little bit redundant for you,
so feel free to skim or skip ahead.
Now a quick disclaimer if you're a Git beginner. This is not a Git course.
Git has literally hundreds of commands that you could run.
However,
many developers use the same handful of commands day to day, and
we'll be focused on a very small subset of Git commands that we'll
need in order to work with DevOps tooling.
Let's look at a basic Git workflow that we might use
when working by ourselves on some code.
It starts with a remote repository that we then can use the
git clone command to move to our local machines inside of
our development environment.
From there, if we want to add new files to the repository,
we can move them into the same working directory
that contains our local repository.
Then, when we've edited them to our satisfaction,
we can use the git add command to move them from the working
directory into something called the staging area.
From there,
we can use the git commit command to add the files to the local repository,
potentially with a message explaining what we've just done.
And finally, when we're ready,
we can use the git push command to send all of our
changes up into the remote repository.
So let's recap some of the basic concepts that are inside of this workflow.
Now, we'll look at these concepts later,
but let's make sure we have them all before we jump into the demo.
First, there's the concept of remotes.
This is where all of our code lives when it's not on our
machine, inside of remote repositories.
Then when we want to bring code down to our machine,
we create a local repository that we can work with.
When we're ready to add code to the repository,
we create a new file and add it to the staging area, where it lives,
ready to be committed to our repository.
Now just to be clear,
all these changes in the staging area and the local repository happen
inside of our working directories on our machine.
So now that we've squared away all of these concepts, we should be ready to practice it ourselves.